# Google-Gemini-Pro-Chat-Application
A Streamlit web application that allows users to chat with Google's GenerativeAI (Gemini-Pro). The application enables users to interact with Gemini-Pro in a conversational manner.
A Streamlit web application that allows users to chat with Google's GenerativeAI (Gemini-Pro). The application enables users to interact with Gemini-Pro in a conversational manner.

About The Project
The Google Gemini-Pro Chat Application is a Streamlit-based web interface that facilitates interactive conversations with Google's GenerativeAI. Users can ask questions or engage in dialogue, receiving responses generated by the powerful Gemini-Pro model.

Getting Started
To get started with the project, follow the steps below.

Prerequisites
Google Generativeai
Google API Key
Streamlit
Installation
Clone the repository:

git clone https://github.com/KalyanMurapaka45/Gemini-ChatBot.git
cd gemini-pro-chat
Install dependencies:

pip install -r requirements.txt
Set up your Google API Key:

Create a project on the Google Cloud Console.
Enable the GenerativeAI API.
Create an API key and add it to your environment variables or a .env file.
Run the application:
Usage
Open your web browser and navigate to http://localhost:8501/.
Enter your message in the chat input box.
Chat with Google Gemini-Pro and view the responses in real-time.
Contributing
Contributions to the Google Gemini-Pro Chat Application are welcome! If you have suggestions, enhancements, or bug fixes, please follow the steps below:

Fork the project.
Create your feature branch (git checkout -b feature/YourFeature).
Commit your changes (git commit -m 'Add some feature').
Push to the branch (git push origin feature/YourFeature).
Open a pull request.

streamlit run app.py
The application will be accessible at http://localhost:8501/.
